Clarified roles versus permissions usage (#3889)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/glossary/a.md

### Administration application {#administration-application}

> The Administration application is a default {{< product-c8y-iot >}} application that serves as the central management console for platform administrators. It is used to govern a [tenant](#tenant) by managing [users](#user), [roles](#role), and [permissions](#permission), subscribing to and managing [applications](#application) and [microservices](#microservice), and configuring tenant-level settings such as retention rules, custom properties, and [branding](#branding).   

Reviewer: thinking about the new billing app called Cumulocity Console, we can erase this term here already:

```suggestion
The Administration application is a default {{< product-c8y-iot >}} application and the central place for platform administrators to manage a tenant. It is used to govern a [tenant](#tenant) by managing [users](#user), [roles](#role), and [permissions](#permission), subscribing to and managing [applications](#application) and [microservices](#microservice), and configuring tenant-level settings such as retention rules, custom properties, and [branding](#branding).   
```
